“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!\n~ Bob Marley
I’m here for a good time not a long time
I can’t really see another squad tryna cross us
I’m up right now and you suck right now
No new friends
Where you movin’? I said onto better things
Know yourself, know your worth
Make the most out of tonight, and worry ‘bout it all tomorrow
I’m way up, I feel blessed
I cannot see heaven being much better than this
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight
I’mma sip it ‘til i feel it, I’mma smoke it ‘til it’s done
I still ride with my day one
My excuse is that I’m young
I live for the nights that I can’t remember with the people that I won’t forget
I’mma worry ‘bout me, give a fuck about you
Nobody really likes us except for us
They ain’t make me what I am, they just found me like this
You only live once
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
Started from the bottom now we’re here
Last name ever, first name greatest
Whole squad on that real shit
On my worst behavior
Worrying about your followers, you need to get your dollars up
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
Never not chasing a million things I want.
You think this is a game?
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
Be who and what you want, period.
Stay strong, the weekend is coming.
You play Call of Duty? That’s cute.
You’re doing it wrong.
Don’t be like the rest of them, darling.
I wasn’t lucky, I deserved it.
Whatever you do in life, make sure it makes you happy.
The question isn’t can you, it’s will you?
What do you think of the view?
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance.
I liked memes before they were on Instagram
That moment when you realize your childhood is over.
Friday, my second favorite F word.
I’ll never try to fit in. I was born to STAND OUT.
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary.
Trying to forget it but the memories are too strong.
We all start as strangers.
Truth is, I’m crazy for you. And everyone can see that but you.
I act like I’m ok, but I’m really not.
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you just lost it.
Don’t worry if you haven’t found your true love, they’re just with someone else right now.
Never cry for that person who doesn’t know the value of your tears.
If I die tomorrow, will you remember me?
Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.
Don’t let your eyes be blinded by her beauty.
Boys are like purses, cute, full of crap, and can always be replaced.
Being single is smarter than being in the wrong relationship.
Lives change like the weather. I hope you remember today is never too late to be brand new.
Dear vegetarians, if you’re trying to save animals, then why are you eating their food?
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
Stay sharp and far from timid.
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
Say Beer Can with a British accent. I just taught you to say Bacon with a Jamaican accent.
These are the days we live for.
Life is short, false; it’s the longest thing you do.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. A dumb person creates it.
Some days start better than others.
When nothing goes right, go left instead!
I need a six month holiday, twice a year.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I’m still looking.
A blind man walks into a bar… And a chair… and a table.
I don’t always surf the internet, but when I do, eyebrows!
Yesterday, I changed my WiFi password to “Hackitifyoucan”; today, someone changed it to “ChallengeAccepted”.
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer.
Real men don’t take selfies.
I haven’t done this in a while so excuse me.
I know I’m lucky that I’m so cute.
Onions make me sad. A lot of people don’t realize that.
I’m your worst nightmare.
I think you are lacking vitamin me!
What if I told you, you can eat without posting it on Instagram.
Ladies, please.
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
I need a six month holiday, twice a year
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
How did I get back to my crib last night
we made it, it’s Friday!
I read the twilight books
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance
Friday, my second favorite F word
Women drivers rev my engine
I like cooties
Hey, I just met you, this is crazy
At least this balloon is attracted to me!
I must destroy you with hugs and kisses
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you just lost it
I woke up like this
Oh you’re a model? What’s your agency, Instagram?
I will eat just one, I swear
I liked memes before they were on Instagram
if a redhead works at a bakery, does that make him a gingerbread man?
If we could only turn back time…
Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
What if I told you, you can eat without posting it on Instagram
Thank you for making me feel less alone
The only F word out a woman’s mouth that scares me is “fine.”
Crossfit? I play real sports
A blind man walks into a bar… And a chair… and a table.
At dawn, we ride
you are enough
This seat is taken
I wasn’t lucky, I deserved it
I had fun once, it was horrible
survived another “end of the world” scenario
Girls be like…
stop stop, I’m gunna pee
Hey good lookin, can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street?
Puts selfie on top of tree because I’m the star.
Is I in trouble?
I don’t have Ex’s, I have Y’s. Like “Why Did I ever date you?”
It never rains during the weekend
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I’m still looking.
Oh, hi there!
You’re doing it wrong
Smile 🙂
Fresher than you
A little birthday party they said, it’ll be fun they said
Don’t be like the rest of them, darling
Girls be like, no makeup!
Posted pic on Instagram, and she didn’t like it
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
We all start as strangers
funny_IG_caption.
I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me
I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
My only real long term goal is to never end up on Maury.
girl Ima have to call you back
Have a seat, we were expecting you
My diet plan: make all of my best friends cookies; the fatter they get, the thinner I look
If I die tomorrow, will you remember me
What if the princess wants to be with Bowser but Mario keeps kidnapping her
Invite me to play Candy Crush one more time
How do I put this, you’ll never sleep again
I love sleep because it’s like a time machine to breakfast
Teacher knows who my crush is, assigns my seat next to her
I’m the strong silent typo.
Syndrome of a down
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
Never cry for that person who doesn’t know the value of your tears
Don’t play dumb with me. That’s a game you can’t win.
I got back with my Ex…Box 360
Volleyball is just a really intense version of “don’t let the ball touch the floor”
I’ve finally counted.
Leave your lover
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away
I hate flying lessons
A selfie a day keeps the friends away.
OMG that’s so cute
I’d like to thank Red Bull, Google, Vodka, and Wikipedia for my graduation
Buy an iPhone they said, it comes with a map, they said.
I love you this much
One does not simply “Let it go”
Boys are like purses, cute, full of crap, and can always be replaced
Is Google a boy or a girl? Obviously a girl because it won’t let you finish your sentence wihtout suggesting other ideas
Can I film you while you sleep? You’re so cute
Hating me doesn’t make you pretty.
Friends with a gang of geeks
Guess what I just did
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
On my way to school 🙂
You’re cute, can I have you?
I don’t always drink beer, but when I do, call me Beercules
If I was funny, I would have a good Instagram caption
Friends marathon on Netflix, YES!
Dear vegetarians, if you’re trying to save animals, then why are you eating their food?
That moment when you realize it wasn’t a fart
Some days start better than others
Live the live you want to, not the one you’re supposed to
Life is short, false, it’s the longes thing you do
Broke his heart, then I asked if he was ok?
Truth is, I’m crazy for you. And everyone can see that but you
Celery is 95% water and 100% not pizza
Make milkshakes they said, the boys will come to your yard they said
instagram_caption
at Walmart
Changed all my passwords to incorrect, then every time I forget my password, it says “your password is incorrect”
Darwin award goes to…
So you’re telling me I have a chance
They see me rollin, they hatin
Hey girl, I like the way we finish each others, sandwiches
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Heart boys who make funny faces when they see you for the first time
I know, I’m lucky that I’m so cute
Oh pizza, you understand me so well
My chocolate chip cookie, is rasin 🙁
Who’s awesome? You are!
Impossibru!
World’s most annoying couple
Trying to forget it but the memories are too strong
Hey girl, feel my sweater. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. A dumb person creates it.
That moment when you realize your childhood is over
I came here in peace, seeking gold and slaves.
Walking past a class with your friends in it
I have made a huge mistake
So, you come here often?
You only drink diet soda? You must be so healthy
Who’s that cute person? Oh, I clicked on my profile again
Don’t worry if you haven’t found your true love, they’re just with someone else right now
Collect moments, not things
Boys be like…
This just gave me another reason why I love this person
You play Call of Duty? That’s cute.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
He went to jared
Your WhatsApp status says online, if you’re online then why aren’t you texting me
Help me please, I’m bored
Deal with it
Not all girls are made of sugar and spice, and everything nice. Some are made of sarcasm, wine and everything fine
You think this is a game?
I just want to cuddle, that’s all I want
I am an Instagram Caption!
Put your mullet where your mouth is, sir.
Best selfie ever
You guys are just so darn cute
When the bus driver starts driving before you even get to your seat
When the parents hate it, the kids love it
If you look in the mirror when your eyes are shut, it’s like watching yourself when you’re asleep
Being famous on Instagram is like being rich on Monopoly.
Omg. Look at me. Instagram selfie.
Being single is smarter than being in the wrong relationship
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it
Everytime my phone goes off, I hope it’s you
I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.
cute instagram captions
Frankly my dear, I don’t Instagram
I’m not saying it was aliens, but it was Aliens!
You lost your phone and it’s on silent? Too bad, if you liked it, you should have put a ring on it
Smash, now what will I Instagram?
Says he wants to whisper something in your ear, screams!
You go to school, nothing happens. You miss one day, beyonce shows up unannounced
Dude, all my friends have birthdays this year
I can’t go on, will you carry me
I’m in love with you, and all your little things
Yea, dating is cool but have you every had stuffed crust pizza?
I act like I’m ok, but I’m really not
Started from the bottom now we’re here
Like a boos
I don’t always surf the internet, but when I do, eyebrows
You said everyone would be here
You keep using that word, I don’t think it means what you think it means.
I’m on a seafood diet, I see food and I eat it
Turn the pain into power
Stay strong, the weekend is coming
How a woman tells society she is single
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades
Work until your idols become your rivals
How do you know your girlfriend is getting fat? She fits into your wife’s clothes
I thought this was America
Instagram is down, just describe your lunch to me
I’ll never try to fit in. I was born to STAND OUT.
I don’t always make sense, but when I do, I don’t
You gunna eat that?
Has one night stand, but way too many books to fit on it
Good morning beautiful! I hope I didn’t wake you and I’m sorry if I did but I just want to tell you that you’re an amazing and beautiful
person and I hope you have a great day!
Hey girl, get back to work
You should smell my breath
When Instagram was down, I ran around town shouting “like” at flowers, dogs, and expensive brunches.
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer
Give me the chocolate and nobody gets hurt
I used to have superpowers but the psychiatrist took them away.
The moment when she says you’re cute
Lives change like the weather. I hope you remember today is never too late to be brand new.
I don’t always study, but when I do, I don’t
Say “Beer Can” with a british accent. I just taught you to say “Bacon” with a Jamaican accent
Girls be like, caught off guard but still cute
Free hot dogs and chili, you always pay for them later
Meanwhile in Russia
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Onions make me sad. A lot of people don’t realize that.
She just left, I miss her already
Cute girl walking in front of you. Decrease speed until walking in front of you.
If you got eyes, look at me now
Show anyone and I’ll kill you
Real men don’t take selfies
Rock stars
Maybe she’s born with it
This is my simple suburban life
Pizza and movies
Being silly with the girls
It’s so beautiful when a boy smiles
I’m the girl you’ve always wanted
Take my selfie and be merry
It’s not a phase mom, it’s who I am
I just got 30 likes, #selfiepro
We’re on our way to do science
I don’t know you
The sun will shine someday
This is why we can’t have nice things
Hey girl
I do what I want
What do you think of the view?
You’re the best
I’ll do me
Love your enemies
Fresh out of the shower, no make up
Snapchat me
I changed all my passwords to Incorrect
The soap, pick it up
You going to eat that chair?
Everything I have I gave to you
Life is better when you’re laughing
There’s a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair
Watching today from my bedroom
Ugg life
Fresh prints of Bel-air
Welcome to H town
All you need is love
Strong women rule the world
This is selfie
Funny you mention that, I was just thinking I don’t care
I’m not lazy, just relaxed
We all shine on
Mind the gap
Trying clothes on, do you like it?
sweat pants or yoga pants?
selfie_caption_funny
Walking to the Tube
I’m a true master
Are these yours?
Don’t let your eyes be blinded by her beauty
selfie twins
You’re the king, baby I’m your queen
Wishing you a sweet Valentine’s day
I’m your best friend
Café racer
Don’t hate
The question isn’t can you, it’s will you?
I was here first
Some things are better in dreams
Best friends forever
New York for life
Sunday fun day
So jealous
Pillow talk with my best friend
Yolo swag
My Snaps never bothered me anyway
I look real good
Waves crash and I’m feeling fine
I say why not?
Know your limits
Now we’re screaming jus to see who’s louder
Mom’s gone wild
Happiness is just a chemical
Where’s my money
Wish you were here
Getting my pose on
This could be the beginning
Under construction
College bound
OMG, look at my selfie
I’d rather laugh with the sinners
Morning boys
Text me back or I’ll find you
Selfie Sunday
What have I become
Last night was a blur
Miami for life
Raincoats and sailboats
It’s a sweatshirt kind of day
I just farted
High school queen
selfie quotes
It’s sexy time
You don’t know me
It’s funny because it’s true
Just got new tops
Snapchat selfie
Does this selfie make me look fat?
I know where you live
Best. Selfie. Ever.
Take me out
Smile, life is beautiful
New Delhi for life
This is my simple selfie life
So, who ate my food?
Sandals and sunshine
Take a ride on my energy
What day is it again?
Duck face fail
I graduated from the university of selfies
I’m so young money
Throwing mad shade
You do you
High school king
My time is now
You’re never going to have me
Just hanging with my friends
I never stray far from the sidewalk
Silly me
Too many shots, too many girls
Pumpkin spiced latte
On Wednesdays, I wear pink
Just got out of the shower, oops
Lol, this guy
Don’t hold your breath
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary
Why so serious?
Don’t tread on me
Do you like this?
Drunk as a skunk
Beach time
These are the days we live for
Love when my bae hugs me like this
But first, let me take a selfie
I’m your worst nightmare
About to head out
Where you from girl?
We were so young and in love
You wrecked me
He’s such a good singer, right?
I gave her my heart but she wanted my soul
Excuse me while I kiss the sky
Dollar dollar bills, ya’ll
Pool time, come get some
You’re missing out
It’s a beautiful day
Got my toes in the sand
Don’t judge, you don’t’ know my story
Pizza selfie
Making people unsure about my gender on a daily basis
I was born to stand out
How bad do you want it
Want to see my duck face?
So we meet again
I have no idea what I’m doing
I broke my own heart just by loving you
I want to be stronger
First world problems
Alone at the office
I’m not a hero
This is my town
Welcome to big sky country
You can’t judge me
Stay sharp and far from timid
Still the beats bang
I’m your love and life
This is how to be a heartbreaker
Give me some space
Poop
I’m on a date, she isn’t very social
All I need is Chipotle
I can be your hero
Is it just me or is it cold outside?
Let it be
This is the most magical pic of your life
I’m so fly right now
Welcome to my tbt
Coffee every minute
The cold never bothered me anyway
Whatever you do, make sure you’re happy
You’re being you, it’s a beautiful thing
Will my husband ever return from war
Oh hey girl
snapchat selfie
Beauty is power; a smile is it’s sword
My autobiography is this
Throw back Thursday
Ermahgerd!
I’m everything you want but can’t have
Gonna go crazy tonight
From Tokyo to LA
what’s your state of mind?
Living is easy with your eyes closed
Be yourself, there’s no one better
Sunshine and moonshine
Big blue sky
I woke up like this #flawless
Chilling like a villain
I came in like a wrecking ball
Los Angeles for life
Last day of class
Animal selfies are the best selfies
I’m a unicorn
Got my coffee and donut
Goodnight, happy dreams
Let’s get lost together
Proof that I can do selfies better than you
Where you from boy?
Houston for life
Sup, girl
Always classy, never trashy, and a little bit sassy
Oh hey there
Do you think this is a game?
What’s your WhatsApp?
Girls be like, I love my hair in this pic
Never looked so good
I haven’t done this in a while so excuse me
I fart in bed
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery
Goodnight my bae
Got the bathroom smelling like fish sticks
It’s funny because it disappears
Good talk, let’s do it again sometime
Takes one to know one
Baby, it’s cold outside
Take me out to the ball game
I’m bad but you love it
I’m trending right now
No panties
You have every right to a beautiful life
selfie_meme
Funny me
When was the last time I was cute?
Sydney for life
Close your eyes and I’ll kiss you
Toronto for life
Does this ugg make me look ugly?
Tumblr life
Surprise!
Poop selfie
Chicago for life
A child is born
Can you tell I’m bored
I don’t always finish my jokes
Ladies, please
WARNING: You may fall in love with my face
Chilling like a gangsta
Be who and what you want, period
Check yourself in my mirror
So famous on Instagram
Hottest girl in my city
Dare to differ
Just hanging out with friends
We’ll start a fire
Oh so you’re a model? Who’s your agency, Instagram?
Top of the line
Dime piece
This is how I look taking a selfie
College girls
Smile today
This V neck is as deep as my thoughts
Humpday
Sorry, I slept with your brother
This could be the end
Did you fart?
Finals are OVER!!!
You mean I need pants to fly?
You said you’d call
I don’t always take selfies
Lives change, remember you can wait for tomorrow to start new
Time for bed, no makeup
Instagram selfie
Finer than a 0.5mm pencil
Kik me
Need an Ark? I Noah guy
I can show you the world
selfie shot
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough
I don’t need your approval to be me
Cinderella never asked for a prince
These curls get the girls
Hi, I love you
Remember to let her into your heart
Got to have sauce
One love, one heart
Welcome to my city
Frisky Friday
But mom, I love him
Time to party, ladies
I wish you were here
A throwback to when I was a nerd
Never gonna break me
can you kick it?
Puts selfie on top of the tree because I’m a star
This is my thug life
People are looking at me funny
This is my club
I don’t take selfies all the time, just every day
You’re always too far from here
Beach life
Long line at Starbucks, first world problems
Girl, look at that body
Silly girls are the best
You’ll never understand me
Help, my duck face is stuck
I wish it worked
Don’t get between me and my burrito
Funny how a beautiful girl can tell such a sad story
Mind if I comb over?
These are the seasons of emotion
Grandma’s getting ready for a rap battle
Smile, it confuses people
This is my strongest game
London for life
Catch a glimpse
I’ve made a friend
A selfie a day keeps the friends away
All you need is pizza
Melbourne for life
I get by with a little help from my friends
This is my school
I’ll just stay here forever
This won’t last
Do you like my shirt?
When nothing goes right, go left instead
At least my pizza is attracted to me
Am I still cute?
Will you be my date?
Don’t stress the could have
School’s out
I’ll never try to fit in. I was born to STAND OUT.
Puts selfie on top of tree because I’m the star.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
A selfie a day keeps the friends away.
Warning – You might fall in love with me.
Lives change like the weather. I hope you remember today is never too late to be brand new.
Whatever you do in life, make sure it makes you happy.
Omg. Look at me. Instagram selfie., 🙂
Lives change like the weather. I hope you remember today is never too late to be brand new.
Dear vegetarians, if you’re trying to save animals, then why are you eating their food?
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
They used to shout my name, now they whisper it.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
Stay sharp and far from timid.
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
Say Beer Can with a British accent. I just taught you to say Bacon with a Jamaican accent.
These are the days we live for.
Life is short, false; it’s the longest thing you do.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. A dumb person creates it.
Some days start better than others.
Mom said life is similar to a container of chocolates, you never realize what your gonna get
Mermaids don’t do homework
My distractions are breakfast, lunch, and supper.
My life is about as sorted out as the $5 DVD canister at Wal-Mart
My life was changed by a train.
My relationship status? Netflix, Oreos, and warm-up pants
Normally and falsely seasoned
Pleasant fellows completion lunch.
Simply a man who sufficiently minded to attempt
Gracious I’m sad was my backtalk a lot for you?
OMG nobody cares
Just Swag young ladies are interested in hashtags on the Facebook.
Flawless has 7 letters thus does meeeeee. Incident? I think not.
Kindly embed grandiose poo about myself here.
Present yourself with a beverage, put on some lipstick, and get a hold of yourself.
Presumably the best meat eater on the planet
Glad supporter of untidy hair and warm-up pants
Pudding tastes better with a plastic spoon
Putting’ the “euphoria” in ‘Advertising’s
Suggested by 4 out of 5 individuals that suggest things.
Recuperating frozen yogurt fanatic
S P E C T A C U L A R V E R N A C U L A R
Sometime in the not so distant future, there will be a redesigned form of me.
Here and there I simply need to surrender it all and turn into a good looking extremely rich person.
Spreading grins like their herpes
Don’t talk, just act. Don’t say, just show. Don’t promise, just prove.
Never stop doing great just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Marry the right person. This one decision will determine 90% of your happiness or misery.
Be honest.
Good things come to those who hustle.
If you want to succeed, you have to let failure be your best friend!
You can’t do epic shit with basic people!
Be a self-starter.
Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life.
The Monday-est Tuesday ever.
A selfie a day keeps the mental breakdown away.
Real men don’t take selfies.
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
May your day feel as good as taking this perfect selfie on the first try.
All I need is Chipotle.
Showing myself at my worst so the next selfie I post, you’ll all be astounded by my stunning transformation.
We’ll be friends for life because you already know too much!
Girls–be as picky with your men as I was with this selfie.
I used to have superpowers but the psychiatrist took them away.
Coffee – Because crack is bad for you.
When Instagram was down, I ran around town shouting “like” at flowers, dogs, and expensive brunches.
Yea, dating is cool but have you ever had stuffed crust pizza?
Making people unsure about my gender on a daily basis.
They say “Love is in the air.” Maybe that’s why there is so much air pollution these days.
I like being myself. Maybe just slimmer, with a few fewer wrinkles.
Spreading grins like their herpes.
A blind man walks into a bar… And a chair… and a table.
This is how I look taking a selfie.
I don’t have ex’s; I have Y’s. Like, “Why did I ever date you?”
All you need is love! And a tiara. And maybe a cookie.
WARNING: I will go into survival mode if tickled!
Flawless has 7 letters thus does meeeeee. Incident? I think not.
I’m on a seafood diet, I see food and I eat it.
Text me back or I’ll find you.
I changed all my passwords to Incorrect.
Show anyone and I’ll kill you.
It’s funny because it’s true.
Walking past a class with your friends in it.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Completely clumsy, proudest of geek & nerd, decreaser of world sucking.
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
When nothing goes right, go left instead.
At least this balloon is attracted to me!
A friend will always make you Smile, especially when you don’t want to…
Uncovered. Frequently Unreliable. Effectively distract.
I don’t always study, but when I do, I don’t.
Life isn’t perfect… But my Hair is! #selfieaddict
My relationship status? Netflix, Oreos, and warm-up pants.
My life is about as sorted out as the $5 DVD canister at Wal-Mart.
I need a six month holiday, twice a year.
If a dentist makes their money from unhealthy teeth, why would I trust a product 4/5 of them recommend?
Dear vegetarians, if you’re trying to save animals, then why are you eating their food?
Bitch I want to slap you, but in which face I don’t know.
Friday, my second favorite F word.
Free hot dogs and chili, you always pay for them later.
So you’re telling me I have a chance.
Oh, you’re a model? What’s your agency, Instagram?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
I just rap occasionally.
Is Google a boy or a girl? Obviously, a girl because it won’t let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas.
Long line at Starbucks, first world problems.
I don’t always surf the internet, but when I do, eyebrows!
Always accept yourself. Unless you are a serial killer. Then please change.
Weekend, please don’t leave me.
You lost your phone and it’s on silent? Too bad, if you liked it, you should have put a ring on it.
We serve drinks cheaper and colder than your EX.
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer.
Say “Beer Can” with a British accent. I just taught you to say “Bacon” with a Jamaican accent.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
I had fun once, it was horrible.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you are attractive!
Women drivers rev my engine.
They say tongue is the strongest muscle of the body. Wanna fight?
Give me the chocolate and nobody gets hurt.
I don’t know what’s tighter, our jeans or our friendship!
When I was in Rome… I did what the Romans did.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
Lost in the world that doesn’t exist.
Today I will be as useless as letter g in lasagna.
Stay Alive. Challenge Accepted!
You can ask Tommy, Hilfiger it out!
I liked memes before they were on Instagram.
I’m really not amusing. I’m just truly mean and individuals think I am kidding.
You’ll never be as fabulous as a llamacorn.
I got back with my Ex… Box 360.
Onions make me sad. A lot of people don’t realize that.
I think you are lacking Vitamin me!
If a redhead works at a bakery, does that make them the gingerbread man?
If I was funny, I would have a good Instagram caption.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I’m still looking.
Do you like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometimes!
I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me.
Live, laugh, love. And if that doesn’t work, load, aim fire.
What if I told you, you can eat without posting it on Instagram.
That awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.
Does anybody have plans to stare at their phone somewhere exciting this weekend?
Chocolate doesn’t make inquiries, chocolate gets it.
A human. Being.
You can’t judge me.
Forever is composed of nows.
Omg. Look at me. Instagram selfie.
Exhale the bullshit.
Love your enemies.
Snapchat me.
Under construction.
Be self-starter.
I got it from my mama.
Thick thighs and pretty eyes.
Love this Look!
College bound.
You think this is a game?
How is this fellas?
Be honest.
Still the beats bang.
Forgive, yes. Forget, never.
When you are down, eat a brownie.
Catch flights, not Feelings.
I don’t care. I just do.
Smile, life is beautiful.
I’m not lazy, just relaxed.
Make it happen.
Dream without fear. Love without limits.
Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it.
Life is way too short for bad vibes.
Make love your motto.
Radiate positive vibes.
Always take the scenic route.
Happiness is just a chemical.
Maybe I am born with it.
YOLO. You Live Only Once!
Happy.
It’s me and my Best Friend for Life!
Hey girl!
Yeah I’m Idiot 😛
Self Love isn’t selfish!
Alone at the office.
You’re missing out.
Throwing mad shade.
It’s a beautiful day.
I got it from my mama.
Forever Nomad!
I just farted.
High school king.
A smile is what gets me going!.
Monday, No Fun Day!
I decide the vibe.
Got my coffee and donut.
Prettiness Overloaded!
What do you think of the view?
Look What have I become!
Miami for life.
Mom’s gone wild.
I woke up like this. #flawless
Raincoats and sailboats.
My time is now!
Freeeakkkkyyy!
Good things come to those who hustle.
Cafe Racer.
New York for life.
Morning time is selfie time!
Inhale the future. Exhale the past.
Life is better when you’re laughing.
Chilling like a gangster.
Good food = good mood.
Don’t hold your breath.
I like foodies.
Your hair is 90% of your selfie.
Be a Warrior, not a Worrier.
Oh hey there.
Coffee every minute.
My time is now.
No rain, No Flowers.
To endlessness and past.
A Caffeine subordinate living thing.
Pizza selfie.
Home is not a place, it’s a feeling.
It’s sexy time.
= Duck face fail.
I can show you the world.
Forgive, yes. Forget, never.
Don’t hate.
Find your wild!
Never been happier!
Meet my Partner in Crime.
High school queen.
Good Times + Crazy Friends = Great Memories!
Yolo swag.
Like a boss.
Poop.
Turn the pain into power.
On my worst behavior.
So jealous.
Throwback Thursday.
Rockstars.
I woke up like this.
Last day of class.
I didn’t come here to lose.
I say why not?
Beauty is power, a smile is its sword.
Soul over ego.
Give me some space.
No guts, no Glory.
You have to be odd to be number one.
Coffee and confidence.
Silly me.
Invest the now in tomorrow’s dream.
Pizza and movies.
Want to see my duck face?
Escape the ordinary.
Big blue sky.
Smile, life is beautiful.
Escape the ordinary.
Sweeter than honey.
Help me please, I’m bored.
Deal with it.
Braless is flawless.
Know your limits.
Sunshine mixed with a little hurricane.
She is Mad. But She is Me!
All we have is NOW.
